hello friends here I bring you another video and
it's a very good rom the truth
let's like how to install
I do not know how to search available all together
Welcome home
it's not going to give that you do not already
can go configuring
here one gets l
as we will see
innovate
at dawn
In the next
just close me like the student
It is very good
as it looks a lot like the original the
truth is almost the same but if they have
other things
In block
let's explain
and the first thing I wanted to teach you is a
screen lot that comes configured only
gives a configuration
screen lock locks
screen lock options here
they go to work afp news
the living lots that activate it
It is very good
and the truth is much greater than a lot
in an application
as beneficial unblock google and the
camera the camera the uneven truth
of it but as you already know they can
download the slap cam and the truth is
very good also brings this one could
to say that it is a gadget is a
emerging explorer and can here in
come here normally to go back
closes but for example what
go to open an application opens
initials opens the application and can
use the application
while they may be watching for example
facebook or twitter
While
not setting here
you do not know what
screen lock
in the contain block
here is to give you the information of
facebook thing
activated clock activate activate the
climate to give them the weather but
they have to have internet like having a
data plan that is on
we go to information reader with sure
in the notifications closer
fast accessories keep pressed here
command to unlock one that says
it works with a command to wake up
I opened camera or whether they can put what
want and it will open when good
when they wake up so to speak
wake up poetry or the candle if
is very good the rom like him
in fact in the description of the branches
says brad and other things about him is from
four of line 04 but the truth is
that still has not handled him that much
that in another video the stereo another rom
sometimes
and do not forget to subscribe and like it and
subscribe to my new crafton channel and
It serves that there I will upload gameplays
subscribe or law please